- [Kevin] Before we can begin using trunk-based development
and feature flags,
we'll need to do some configuration
in our shared repository and our LaunchDarkly account.
So let's start with our repository.
Since we have a very simple project,
let's work directly from trunk,
and we'll also release from there.
That means we'll need to disable the branch protection roles
on our main branch.
So within GitHub, we'll navigate
to the settings of our repository
and then we'll select the Branches section on the sidebar.
And now we can see our branch protection roles
on the main branch.
I'm just going to go ahead and delete that.
And then everything will be set up within our repository
for trunk based development.
Now let's head over to our LaunchDarkly account
and we can turn our attention
to creating our new feature flag.
We're going to create the feature flag
within the default project that was created
with our LaunchDarkly account.
To do that, we can go ahead
and click on Feature Flags on the sidebar.
And then here you'll see the option to create a flag.
Go ahead and click on that.
In the form that pops up
we can provide the configuration for our new feature flag.
It starts with giving the feature flag a name.
I'm going to name this feature flag course-preview.
Then the next thing we'll need to do is check this option
to use client side ID in the SDK.
This is going to allow us
to use our feature flag in JavaScript.
Then we'll want to take a look
at the type of flag.
Currently it's set to Boolean
and that's going to work for us
because we're just going to use this flag
to toggle the visibility
of a third course that we're going to add to the page.
All right, since everything's in place
I'll just go ahead and hit save flag
and then we'll have a new feature flag within LaunchDarkly
that we can use for our development work.
All right, so now our repository is set up for TBD
and we've created our feature flag.
Everything's in place
for us to begin developing our new feature
in our next lesson.